Hey everyone, welcome back to the shed.
I'm Lonnie. Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome
back. We are doing strictly holiday for
y'all today. Last Saturday we went to a
highway sale. It was the highway 16
sale. They have two, one in the spring,
one in the fall. This was the spring
sale. It's not very big. It was like a
15 It's like a 15-mi stretch and I I
predicted we'd be done around noon and
we were.
>> Mhm. It was fun.
>> Yeah. It wasn't awesome, but it was
>> It wasn't awesome, but it also didn't
take up our whole day.
>> Oh, you know what else it was? It was on
a Saturday. Mhm.
The day before Easter
day before Easter.
>> before Easter, which is perfect
>> Yeah. because typically that's not going
to be a heavy garage sale day anyway, so
that's kind of a bonus.
Yep.
>> Um so we didn't buy a ton, but like we
bought some cool stuff, huh? I think
we're we bought
>> And now like let's say fast forward to
next year if it's not on Easter weekend
because I think they do it the first day
the first Saturday in April every year.
If there's a lot of garage sales in the
Baton Rouge area, we probably won't be
going to that highway sale to be honest
with you. It just depends on what's
going on.
>> Yeah. I think a beta Springs we probably
would the one we went to the week before
this one. Maybe not. Let's show them
Hey, can I show them my knife first?
>> Yeah. Look, so I don't know
Now I paid a I paid up for this knife a
bit.
We actually bought this in a campground.
I should I wish I would
>> Oh yeah, they had a campground with a
couple of people set up selling from
their RVs basically RV garage sale.
>> Yeah, we even went to the game room.
>> Yeah, the game room they had some stuff
set up. The arcade. Yeah, check it out.
I paid $25 for this y'all. You Candace,
you look Candace looked it up. I
couldn't see real well cuz my bifocals
weren't in yet. Bifocal contacts weren't
in yet.
>> Yep. Candace claimed this is like a $80
knife or something.
>> Yeah, and whenever the guy he knew how
to comp on eBay. It was older gentleman,
but he knew what he was doing and
whenever I said that he goes, "Yep,
that's what I saw too."
This is a Buck 110.
And I don't know. It looks like it's in
great condition. That comp I mean I hope
that's right. It sounds high. I didn't
even look at the condition of the one I
comp, so ours could be better cuz the
comp condition is great. The tip is
still intact. Um no like nicks out of
it.
>> No, it's clean and it's got the
It's got the old school
My dad when I was
My dad the whole
whole time he was alive, he always kept
a Buck knife.
>> On his belt buckle? Uh
>> Did he have it like this?
>> No. He would have it lay it kicking
around somewhere or something in his
pocket sometimes. He wore these a lot.
Yeah. Not the short ones. No, not short.
Candace is wearing shorts.
>> Although though in his day I wouldn't
have been surprised if he would have.
Yeah. But they probably would have been
like short like 70s. Right. No, yeah.
>> I remember that.
>> Yep.
Um yeah. Oh, Yeah, this is stuff you
bought, so I'm not sure.
>> even know. What is this from?
>> Was that a wrapper or something?
>> No, I don't Ooh, I don't know. I forgot.
>> a young guy young couple that had a
table full of uh Oh yeah. He said he
told me something that it was
>> He sold it to you, huh? He sold you on
it. Yeah, but it I mean I didn't pay
much for it. Like a buck or two? Yeah.
Yeah, something like I don't Yeah, a
couple bucks or something. I don't
remember.
It looks like donuts. It is donuts. Look
right here. Yeah. So I don't know. Y'all
What is that called?
>> It's a loaf donuts.
>> And we bought this for ourselves. Did
we? Well, unless it's worth a lot of
money. I didn't know you bought that for
us.
>> Well, I thought yeah, cuz we've been
>> I saw this at the church sale we went to
today.
Pandemic game.
>> Yeah. So this is a choose your own
adventure uh board game or card It is a
board game.
>> That's cool. It's a good little travel
set.
>> Well, I thought I thought it'd be fun to
play with Molly.
>> Yeah.
>> We need to play more board games with
Molly while she's still here.
>> we'll do that tomorrow. Or tonight. I'll
play tonight if you want.
>> But yeah, we need to start playing more
board games again. Okay, we have a
carnival picture frame. We've actually
had this before and sold it.
>> one of these.
>> It's a porthole. Yeah. And it's got uh
the the plexiglass is here. Mhm. I think
I want to say last I know this has been
a while It's been a while.
>> It's been a while. But um
I think the last time I sold one for
like $35 to $40.
>> Yeah, we paid three for this one.
>> yeah. Some of the stuff uh to be honest,
we're not going to remember what we
paid, so
>> Some of what we we will. I I know we
paid 25 for this and I know we paid
three for that though. Like I think I
paid about $8 for these Allen Edmonds.
>> Oh really?
>> Yeah, and they're in good condition like
the soles are
pretty good condition, so Oh, this is a
good brand over here too. And then $2
for these Born sandals that are in great
condition. In fact, they may be new. I
mean Really? You think so? Look at the
bottoms of No, they're not. I could see
a little wear. Yeah, a little bit, but
not much. They're They're in good
condition.
>> Yeah.
For sure. All right, let's grab some
more stuff.
>> Okay. Okay, so we came across um a lady
selling um all those cosmetics. So these
are This is all Urban Decay right here.
It's mostly eyeliners and this is some
kind of um
you spray on your makeup just to help
help it stay on. So and then this is
some primer by Smashbox. I mean to all
these for a dollar each.
What What did you end up spending like
40 something dollars or something? That
sounds about right. Yeah.
>> was. Because uh we paid $10 per box for
these. What it What it is it's a daily
dose leave-in conditioner, but it's like
little um travel size bottles.
>> 2-oz bottles.
>> Actually, I have one on my desk. Let me
grab it. I can show them what it is
inside. But yeah,
while she's doing that, she was doing a
dollar a piece on everything and then we
got to these and I was like,
"You know, we we're interested in this
and we
>> No, she was actually doing I think $2 a
piece and I said if I bought them all
would you do a dollar?
Yeah.
>> Okay. Yep. And and we told her straight
up. We said, "Hey look, we sell on
eBay." I did the whole spiel. We're
going to try and buy as much as possible
from you. I used that again. We did go
back out garage sale and today I used
that same line again today. Yep. Guess
what, y'all? That line works.
>> It does. Yeah.
>> I think it like opens things up. It
doesn't like It doesn't make them give
you the prices you want, but it kind of
lets them know, "Hey, there's not going
to be like either they're going to take
my deal or they're not." Well,
I I've had positive Mhm. responses to
it. Yep. Today I told a guy that
and it's like he and then I bring him
stuff up and it have five on it and
something else and he's like, "You want
How about if you do all four for six?"
>> wait to show y'all. That That was stuff
we picked up today, but that'll be in a
video probably next week.
>> I'm telling you like this this season,
Candace, I've opened up more than ever.
Yep.
>> And I'm like, "We sell on eBay. Just you
know, just want to let you know we do
sell on eBay, so like if if we were
buying this for ourself, man, that's a
great price, but we're not. Yep. So like
I understand if you don't want to take
this or whatever,
you know, but we would love to buy a lot
and spend a lot of money here. You know,
I I It's all in presentation.
>> Yep, that's right. Yeah, so So right off
I told her I'll buy them all if you sell
them to me for a dollar and she said,
"Done." And then she she pulls this out.
She goes, "Here, here's a free sample of
this color conditioner." And then Lonnie
spotted these boxes, which is a case of
them. Yeah, 24.
>> Yeah, each box has 24. They're 2-oz
bottles. The stuff is it's decent. It's
not like blow your mind money, but it's
decent money and so she wanted
What did she want per box?
>> I don't know, but she But she You know
what? She never really said a number.
Mhm. Because
I was like, "Man, are these going to be
a dollar a piece?" And then she's like
And then she said, "How about 10?" Yeah.
I think that's how it went.
>> So we we ended up paying $10 per box is
what we're into them for. So $20. What
do you think these are worth a piece,
Candace? I I don't know. What I'm
probably What I'm probably going to do I
didn't even look them up honestly. I
don't know. Like I literally don't know.
I know it's a good
>> What is it? Oh, it's eye pencils.
>> Yeah, it's a good brand. As you know.
I don't think they're going to be huge
money, but my plan is probably to make a
lot of like two, you know, maybe three
or so. I don't know. Whatever makes
sense whenever I go to list them, so I
mean is if they're worth $10 or more,
Yeah. and it looks like they have decent
sell-through and yeah, we list cuz man,
I used to sell tons of this stuff.
However,
the the cost of shipping is starting to
make
you know, I know. Yeah.
>> And you never know, there may be some
discontinued cuz we have a lot of
different colors. There may be something
discontinued in here.
Speaking of that, I know I'm going off
topic. I want to show y'all something
real quick.
Candace, this is supposed to be a bench
bed.
>> I know and this is kind of following up
on a haul. Okay.
We do
>> Oh, no.
>> Yeah.
>> That's painful.
>> I know. We A few weeks ago we went to an
estate sale with a $20 filler bag where
I bought all those awesome cosmetic like
um It Cosmetics and there were some
Lancôme in there.
>> We've been cleaning up.
>> Um and it had this brand in there,
Serious Skin Care.
And the powder stuff I did list, but all
the liquid stuff I determined there's no
dates on it. It's probably old. I
decided not to list it.
And a lot of it was actually dried up.
>> Yeah. Yeah. This right here, this Hydro
Pixel
People are selling this for $100 for
this tube. $100 a tube, so
>> You shouldn't even show them this
because if people are going to tell you
to some like uh
like like ways to like reseal it and
stuff.
>> Yeah, yeah, so I opened it and you It
hadn't been used, but the seal is kind
of slid off. You can probably see there.
I don't know if it's showing up for you,
but um
Man, when I opened that and saw that it
was
>> huh? was indeed new, but that seal had
slid off. I was like, "No!" The best
thing out of that buy and I can't even
sell it. So That's all right. I mean we
made We did so good on the rest of it.
>> killed it on that buy.
>> I mean we just those compacts we
probably
sold couple hundred dollars worth.
>> Yep. So Okay, and then these are Vans.
They're called Surf Sliders. I don't
think I've ever seen these before.
>> than Oh, they had seven. You know what?
I think we paid five. Okay. Yeah, and as
a matter of fact, I remember that. Okay.
We are going to release videos on on
most of this stuff or shorts at some
point.
So, you know, it was Yeah, some of the
prices are still fuzzy. We we may get
them wrong or we may not remember, so
bear with us.
Um cuz Still fuzzy? They ain't going to
get unfuzzy if they're fuzzy now. Yeah,
but I thought these were neat.
>> Yeah, I never seen these before either.
Okay, let's get some more stuff up here.
Okey doke.
All right, another round of HBA stuff.
So, this is Regis uh it's some mousse
and some primer, just different Regis
brand stuff. There is five bottles in
there. We paid $10 so two a whack for
those basically.
And then all this stuff on the table, $2
a whack. Most of it is Elemis, really
good brand. There's some Philosophy,
some kind of Glamglow.
And I don't even know what this is.
Yeah, but some more HBA, paid $2 each
for all of this.
HBA's been working out. I mean, it's not
for me, like this is not really the kind
of picking I love,
but it's money. Like we made a lot of we
made a lot of money on this stuff over
the years. So, this right here is all
Elemis and then this is
some other stuff there.
>> Okay. Yeah.
And I thought we had more Kens. This is
it, huh? Yeah, well I guess I mean, we
didn't I mean, there wasn't a ton of
sales.
We were done before noon. Yeah. So, and
we were trying to be somewhat picky. We
were. Yeah.
So, these are Dansk. If you pick them up
in good condition, they usually do
pretty well.
Are they called Dansko?
Yeah, Dansko. Yeah, you said Dansk.
And um like I think nurses wear them.
They're like clogs, orthopedic type
looking shoes. And then we got this for
a buck, I think. That was the very first
thing very first thing we bought.
>> Yeah, and look, I this is probably dumb
buy. I just
I thought it was a neat looking uh It's
a little backpack. Yeah, for a like a
Gameboy or something. Okay, the rest of
the stuff was all from the same sale.
Yeah, so we actually released a short
about this. Yeah. So, the guy had um
these two DS's and they look like
they're in pretty good condition. Yeah,
the hinges are good. Yeah, hinges are
good. The screen The screens, this one
is really good. There's no scratches on
the outside or anywhere. That was a
little cleaner. This one I could see
some evidence of where people, you know,
someone like pressed down with the
stylus. Mhm. Cuz this, you know, you do
use a stylus on these things. But,
they're pretty clean. We do it did come
with
one charger, so we can at least test
them both. Yep. $15 for the pair of
those.
And then hey, let's show this. This is
fun.
Yeah. This flag actually we kind of hit
an impasse on a few things.
And then I had this flag or Candace
found this flag actually.
And
we're looking I'm like, "What's that?"
And he's like and then they're like $2
and I'm like, "Sold, yes." Yeah, he said
that's from when we ran our pirate
phase. I'm like, "Oh, okay." I said well
I I said everybody has one of those. Not
really.
Um
You know what's funny though is once
once I agreed
to the $2 immediately,
the the whole tone of everything got a
lot lot easier. Right. Like and then
then like $2 flag like opened things up
for us. It's kind of interesting, you
know.
Um
funny thing, what I pay for these? Uh uh
20, right? Yeah, she was asking 30, I
paid 20. We kind of we were we were
going back and forth on this, so we we
came out What was the price we came out
to without that? Okay, so at that point
we were um
>> 27? No, that wouldn't be right. No, no,
here's here's what happened, okay.
So, first I cut the deal here.
These are By the way, these are Toyota
RAV4 new OEM.
Yeah, they've never been used. They're
my I might have to clean them off a
little bit, but they've never been
installed or anything like that.
>> He said that they ordered them and So,
they wanted 30. I ended up paying 20 for
these.
This is all on a short, by the way.
Yeah. And then
ended up working out.
And I'm trying to get these numbers
right because okay, so Should I pull up
the short and look at it?
>> We ended up getting those for
15 for the pair. So, 35 37.
>> that's right. No, that's the numbers are
right. So,
yeah, 2 15 20, so that ended up being
37. And Candace is about to pay. We had
already
talked about this and this is what I
like to do a lot of times, y'all. Well,
let's She told me she wanted she wanted
30 for this. It's a food processor.
>> This is my strategy a lot Candace, you
probably notice I do this a pretty good
bit.
So,
if I see something I I want like this, I
didn't really like
I wanted it a little cheaper, but I
wasn't it wasn't worth me making a big
deal out of it at the time.
>> have been sad to leave it. Let me put it
that way.
>> No. So, anyways, I'm like I'm like, "All
right, let me move." And I'm like,
"Okay, I said I'll think about it."
And then I start looking at other stuff
and then we cut the deal here, there,
there and it's time to pay $37 and then
I'm like I always like to keep an item
in my back pocket. Yeah.
Right? And then I'm and I'm not even
saying like this is a killer deal or
anything. Right.
>> Cuz we don't even know.
But,
this works.
Like if you get stuck on something, I'll
think about it. You go back, you buy
some other stuff. And then you're like
come comes time to pay. Hey, you want to
take blah as you're paying and the money
is green and it's in their vision.
Yeah.
And I said, "Do y'all want 37 or 60? You
want us to pay you 37 or 60? That would
be 23 for this." Just knocking $7 off.
>> Yeah, she she agreed really fast.
>> And she and they were like 60. You know,
like I
Keep an item or two or three in your
back pocket to use to bundle in or
Yeah, so if you
>> lubricate
>> Yeah, if you can't come to a deal right
away and you're still just shopping,
don't don't
don't butt heads. Don't dismiss it. Keep
that in mind to throw in a bundle later.
>> Right, right. Because there's a really
good chance that, you know, let's say
this flag happened to be worth a bunch
of money and we knew it and they didn't,
right? Or something and
Okay, or the flag or or let's say the
car mats and say, "Oh man, the car mats.
Well, what if we did the car mats and
this for this?" You know, you could
start just working
not trying to trick them, but they they
see the money coming and they're like,
"Okay." People are are more willing to
deal when you're buying multiple things.
Yeah.
>> Absolutely. And I know this is a basic
concept.
>> Yeah. But, we also have a lot of newer
uh resellers watching from time to time.
Don't get hung up on one item if you
think there's a good chance you're going
to be buying other stuff. Yep. Sometimes
like this,
I felt like they valued a little more
than they should have. And people like
good round numbers where they're not
going to have to make change or
anything.
>> That's right. You want 30 37 is a
terrible number.
I mean, it's even a prime number.
>> that's where we were at. It was. No, I
remember I know it is because I remember
the
I I put it on the thumbnail. Okay, I was
thinking shoes we bought there, but I
I'm not buying them cuz she wanted too
much for them. That's right. Yeah. Some
Merrells. Yeah. You're right, 37 is a
awful sounding number. It's You know
why? Because it's prime. Right. Oh. It's
only divisible by 37 and itself.
>> Yeah. You know, like you can't have
that.
>> Yeah.
And it's it's $3 change. That's a nasty
amount of change.
>> Right. It's just gross all the way
around. So, never keep it 37. You know,
you can't say six seven, I say three.
Not 37. That's right. That's right.
Well, yeah, that's it. That's going to
be it for this one. Thanks so much for
joining us for a quick haul in the shed
and we will see y'all again very soon.
Bye, y'all. Bye.
Hello, everyone. Welcome back to the
shed. I almost did a I'm going to pack
it intro.
>> I know cuz we're about to table.
I'm Lonnie. Hey, I'm Candace. Wait,
wait, let's start over. Okay.